# The Badge Tech Terms & Conditions

*Last Update: 17 October, 2023*

## Introduction

Welcome to The Badge, owned and operated by The Badge Tech d/b/a The Badge (“The Badge,” “we,” “us”, or “our”). These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of The Badge website(s), our APIs, mobile app (the “App”), mobile dApp, and any other software, tools, features, or functionalities provided on or in connection with our services.

The Badge Tech is a decentralized certification platform built on the Ethereum blockchain. It allows users to tokenize real-world information through certifications, known as “badges”. These “badges” are subject to community-driven verification and validation, ensuring a reliable ecosystem.

These Terms and Conditions apply to all users of The Badge Tech, including users who create, issue, verify, or validate Badges.

For purposes of these Terms, “user”, “you”, and “your” means you as the user of the Service. If you use the Service on behalf of a company or other entity then “you” includes you and that entity, and you represent and warrant that (a) you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and (b) you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf.

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. AS OUTLINED IN SECTION 15 BELOW, THEY INCLUDE A MANDATORY ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER WHICH (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS) REQUIRE ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE RESOLVED THROUGH KLEROS ARBITRATION RATHER THAN BY A JUDGE OR JURY IN COURT.**
BY CLICKING TO ACCEPT AND/OR USING OUR SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL OF THE TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.

## The Badge Tech

The Badge Tech is not a wallet provider, exchange, broker, financial institution, money services business, or creditor. The Badge Tech provides a peer-to-peer web3 certification service. To use our Service, you must use a third-party wallet which allows you to engage in transactions on blockchains.

The Badge Tech is not a party to any agreement between any users. You bear full responsibility for verifying the identity, legitimacy, and authenticity of the Badges.

The Badge Tech reserves the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will use reasonable efforts to provide notice of such changes, such as by providing notice through the Service or updating the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms. By continuing to access or use the Service, you confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms and all of the terms incorporated therein by reference effective as of the date these Terms are updated. It is your sole responsibility to review the Terms from time to time to view such changes and to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply when you access or use the Service.

## Accessing the Service

Accordingly, you will need a blockchain address and a third-party wallet to access the Service. Your account on the service (“Account”) will be associated with your blockchain address; however, if you want to add some flair to your Account, you can add additional information, such as a profile picture, to your Account.

Your Account will be associated with your linked blockchain address. By using your wallet in connection with the Service, you agree that you are using that wallet under the terms and conditions of the applicable provider of the wallet. Wallets are not operated by, maintained by, or affiliated with The Badge Tech, and The Badge Tech does not have custody or control over the contents of your wallet and has no ability to retrieve or transfer its contents. The Badge Tech accepts no responsibility for, or liability to you, in connection with your use of a wallet and makes no representations or warranties regarding how the Service will operate with any specific wallet. You are solely responsible for keeping your wallet secure and you should never share your wallet credentials or seed phrase with anyone. If you discover an issue related to your wallet, please contact your wallet provider. Likewise, you are solely responsible for your Account and any associated wallet and we are not liable for any acts or omissions by you in connection with your Account or as a result of your Account or wallet being compromised. You agree to immediately notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security issues related to the Service or your Account (you can contact us at hello@thebadge.xzy).

You also represent and warrant that you will comply with all applicable laws (e.g., local, state, federal and other laws) when using the Service. If you access or use the Service outside the EU, you are solely responsible for ensuring that your access and use of the Service in such country, territory or jurisdiction does not violate any applicable laws.

The Badge Tech may require you to provide additional information and documents in certain circumstances. In such cases, The Badge Tech, in its sole discretion, may disable your Account and block your ability to access the Service until such additional information and documents are processed by The Badge Tech. If you do not provide complete and accurate information in response to such a request, The Badge Tech may refuse to restore your access to the Service.

Your access and use of the Service may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance, or repair of the Service or other actions that The Badge Tech, in its sole discretion, may elect to take. If your Account becomes inactive for six months or longer, as determined by The Badge Tech in its sole discretion, you understand that The Badge may disable your Account or reassign your username or associated url.

We require all users to be at least 18 years old. If you are at least 13 years old but under 18 years old, you may only use The Badge Tech services through a parent or guardian’s Account and with their approval and oversight. That account holder is responsible for your actions using the Account. It is prohibited to use our Service if you are under 13 years old.

### Badges

Users can create badges to certify and tokenize information from the real world, except those Badges which are against the law, morality or good costumes.

## Ownership

The Service, including its “look and feel” (e.g., text, graphics, images, logos, page headers, button icons, and scripts), proprietary content, information and other materials, and all content and other materials contained therein, including, without limitation, the logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, data, software, sound files, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary property of The Badge Tech or our affiliates, licensors, or users, as applicable, and you agree not to take any action(s) inconsistent with such ownership interests. We and our affiliates, licensors, and users, as applicable, reserve all rights in connection with the Service and its content, including, without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works.

The Badge Tech name, logo, trademarks, and any product or service names, designs, logos, and slogans are the intellectual property of The Badge Tech or our affiliates or licensors and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission in each instance. You may not use any metatags or other “hidden text” utilizing “The Badge” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of The Badge Tech or our affiliates or licensors without our prior written permission.

We welcome feedback, comments, and suggestions for improvements to the Service (“Feedback”). You acknowledge and expressly agree that any contribution of Feedback does not and will not give or grant you any right, title, or interest in the Service or in any such Feedback. You agree that The Badge Tech may use and disclose Feedback in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without further notice or compensation to you and without retention by you of any proprietary or other right or claim. You hereby assign to The Badge Tech any and all right, title, and interest (including, but not limited to, any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, show-how, know-how, moral rights and any and all other intellectual property right) that you may have in and to any and all Feedback.

## License to Access and Use Our Service and Content

You are hereby granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and personal license to access and use the Service provided, however, that such license is subject to your compliance with these Terms. If any software, content, or other materials owned by, controlled by, or licensed to us are distributed or made available to you as part of your use of the Service, we hereby grant you a non-commercial, personal, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and display such software, content, and materials provided to you as part of the Service (and right to download a single copy of the App onto your applicable equipment or device).

## Third-Party Content and Services

As a peer-to-peer web3 service, The Badge Tech helps you to have more credibility by using certifications through and by our Service. The Badge Tech does not make any representations or warranties about those certifications, including any content associated with badges displayed on the Service, and you bear responsibility for verifying the legitimacy, authenticity, and legality of badges that you issue. We also cannot guarantee that any Badges visible on The Badge Tech will always remain visible and/or available to be issued.

The Service may also contain links or functionality to access or use third-party websites (“Third-Party Websites”) and applications (“Third-Party Applications”), or otherwise display, include, or make available content, data, information, services, applications, or materials from third parties (“Third-Party Materials”). When you click on a link to, or access and use, a Third-Party Website or Third-Party Application, though we may not warn you that you have left our Service, you are subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website or destination. Such Third-Party Websites, Third-Party Applications, and Third-Party Materials are not under the control of The Badge, and may be “open” applications for which no recourse is possible. The Badge is not responsible or liable for any Third-Party Websites, Third-Party Applications, and Third-Party Materials. The Badge provides links to these Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Applications only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications, or their products or services or associated Third-Party Materials. You use all links in Third-Party Websites, Third-Party Applications, and Third-Party Materials at your own risk.

## User Conduct

To protect our community and comply with our legal obligations, we reserve the right to take action, with or without advance notice, if we believe you have violated these Terms.
You agree that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct and content, while accessing or using the Service.

## Intellectual Property Rights

You are solely responsible for your use of the Service and for any information you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, as well as these Terms, including the User Conduct requirements outlined above.

By using the Service in conjunction with creating, submitting, posting, promoting, or displaying content, or by complying with The Badge’s metadata standards in your metadata API responses, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, and display any content, including but not limited to text, materials, images, files, communications, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, concepts, questions, data, or otherwise, that you submit or post on or through the Service for our current and future business purposes, including to provide, promote, and improve the Service. This includes any digital file, art, or other material linked to or associated with any Badges that are displayed on the Service.

The Badge Tech does not claim that submitting, posting, or displaying this content on or through the Service gives The Badge any ownership of the content. We're not saying we own it. We're just saying we might use it and show it off a bit.

You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any content that you create, submit, post, promote, or display on or through the Service. You represent and warrant that such content does not contain material subject to copyright, trademark, publicity rights, or other intellectual property rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant The Badge the license described above, and that the content does not violate any laws.

The Badge Tech will take down works in response to Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) takedown notices and/or other intellectual property infringement claims and will terminate a user's access to the Service if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer. If you believe that your content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement, or violates your publicity or other intellectual property rights, please fill out our form [here](#) or you may submit written Communication Preferences.

By creating an Account, you consent to receive electronic communications from The Badge (e.g., via email, push notification, text messages, or other types of messages). These communications may include notices about your Account (e.g., transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. We may also send you promotional communications via email we think will be of interest to you. You understand that you are not required to provide this consent as a condition of using the Service and you may opt out of these communications through the Service or through your mobile device’s operating system (with the possible exception of important service announcements and administrative messages) by following the unsubscribe instructions provided.

## App Terms

You are responsible for providing the mobile device, wireless service plan, software, Internet connections, and/or other equipment or services that you need to download, install, and use the App. We do not guarantee that the App can be accessed and used on any particular device or with any particular service plan. We do not guarantee that the App or Service will be available in any particular geographic location.

## 9. Indemnification

By agreeing to these Terms and accessing the Service, you agree, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless The Badge, and our respective past, present, and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors, and assigns (individually and collectively, the “The Badge Parties”), from and against all actual or alleged claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, taxes, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses), and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement, and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract, or otherwise (collectively, “Claims”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to (a) your use or misuse of the Service, content, Badges, or content linked to or associated with any NFTs (b) any Feedback you provide, (c) your violation or breach of any term of these Terms or applicable law, and (d) your violation of the rights of or obligations to a third party, including another user or third-party, and (e) your negligence or wilful misconduct. You agree to promptly notify The Badge of any Claims and cooperate with the The Badge Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the The Badge Parties shall have control of the defense or settlement of any Claims. THIS INDEMNITY IS IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIEU OF, ANY OTHER INDEMNITIES SET FORTH IN A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND THE BADGE.

## 10. Disclaimers

YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND THE BADGE TECH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE BADGE TECH (AND ITS SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION AND DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR WHETHER THE SERVICE: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. THE BADGE TECH DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE BADGE TECH WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF ANY KIND FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN OR TAKEN IN RELIANCE ON MATERIAL OR INFORMATION, CONTAINED ON THE SERVICE. WHILE THE BADGE TECH ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE SAFE, THE BADGE TECH CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE, CONTENT, CONTENT LINKED TO OR ASSOCIATED WITH ANY BADGES, OR ANY BADGES YOU INTERACT WITH USING OUR SERVICE OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS. SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE ONLINE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR OBTAINED FROM THE THE BADGE TECH PARTIES OR THROUGH THE SERVICE, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET AND WILL NOT HOLD THE BADGE TECH RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY.

WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS AND TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE OF BADGES, CONTENT, AND/OR CONTENT LINKED TO OR ASSOCIATED WITH NFTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (A) USER ERROR, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE; (D) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD-PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE SERVICE OR BADGES.

THE BADGES EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF THE OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE ASSOCIATED BLOCKCHAIN (E.G., ETHEREUM NETWORK). ANY TRANSFERS OCCUR ON THE ASSOCIATED BLOCKCHAIN (E.G., ETHEREUM). THE BADGE TECH AND/OR ANY OTHER THE BADGE TECH PARTY CANNOT EFFECT OR OTHERWISE CONTROL THE TRANSFER OF TITLE OR RIGHT IN ANY BADGES OR UNDERLYING OR ASSOCIATED CONTENT OR ITEMS.
NO THE BADGE PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY SUSTAINED LOSSES OR INJURY DUE TO VULNERABILITY OR ANY KIND OF FAILURE, ABNORMAL BEHAVIOR OF SOFTWARE (E.G., WALLET, SMART CONTRACT), BLOCKCHAINS OR ANY OTHER FEATURES. NO THE BADGE TECH PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES OR INJURY DUE TO LATE REPORTS BY DEVELOPERS OR REPRESENTATIVES (OR NO REPORT AT ALL) OF ANY ISSUES WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORTING THE BADGES, INCLUDING FORKS, TECHNICAL NODE ISSUES OR ANY OTHER ISSUES HAVING LOSSES OR INJURY AS A RESULT.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties in contracts with consumers, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.

## 11. Assumption of Risk

You accept and acknowledge:
- The value of a Badge is subjective.
- A lack of use or public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems could negatively impact the development of those ecosystems and related applications, and could therefore also negatively impact the potential utility of the badges.
- The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, non-fungible tokens, cryptocurrency, and other crypto-based items is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of the Service.
- You are solely responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your transactions and to withhold, collect, report, and remit the correct amounts of taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. The Badge is not responsible for determining, withholding, collecting, reporting, or remitting the taxes that apply to your badges..
- There are risks associated with acquiring Badges associated with content created by third parties through peer-to-peer transactions, including but not limited to, the risk of purchasing counterfeit items, mislabeled items, items that are vulnerable to metadata decay. You represent and warrant that you have done sufficient research before making any decisions to obtain any badge.
- We do not control the public blockchains that you are interacting with and we do not control certain smart contracts and protocols that may be integral to your ability to complete transactions on these public blockchains. Additionally, blockchain transactions are irreversible and The Badge Tech has no ability to reverse any transactions on the blockchain.
- There are risks associated with using Internet and blockchain based products, including, but not limited to, the risk associated with hardware, software, and Internet connections, the risk of malicious software introduction, and the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to your third-party wallet or Account. You accept and acknowledge that The Badge will not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the Service or any Blockchain network, however caused.
- The Badge Tech reserves the right to remove badges that violate this Terms. Items you purchase may become inaccessible on The Badge Tech Service. Under no circumstances shall the inability to view items on The Badge or an inability to use the Service in conjunction with the purchase, sale, or transfer of items available on any blockchains serve as grounds for a claim against The Badge Tech.

## 12. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree that in no event will The Badge Tech or its Service providers be liable to 0 third party for any for any lost profit or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or consequential or punitive damages arising from these terms of the service, products or this-party sites and products, or for any damages related to loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business, or loss of data, and whether caused by strict liability or tort (including negligence), breach of contract, or otherwise, even if foreseeable and even if The Badge Tech or Third-Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Access to, and use of, the service, products or third-party sites, and products are at your own risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data resulting therefrom.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. Some jurisdictions also limit disclaimers or limitations of liability for personal injury from consumer products, so this limitation may not apply to personal injury claims.

## 13. Privacy Policy

Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, and share personal data about you. By submitting personal data through our Service, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

## 14. Modifications to the Service

We reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify, suspend, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any features or parts thereof) at any time and without liability as a result.

## 15. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration

**Dispute Resolution.** Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section (“Arbitration Agreement”) carefully. It requires you to arbitrate disputes with The Badge Tech and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us. This section does not govern disputes between users or between users and third parties. The Badge does not provide dispute resolution services for such disagreements and the parties must resolve those disputes directly.

**Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.** You agree that any dispute, controversy, or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the Service, to any products sold or distributed through the Service, or to any aspect of your relationship with The Badge, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, including threshold questions of the arbitrability of such dispute, controversy, or claim, except that you or The Badge may assert claims in small claims court, but only if the claims qualify, the claims remain only in such court, and the claims remain on an individual, non-representative, and non-class basis; and (2) you or The Badge Tech may seek injunctive or equitable relief in a court of proper jurisdiction if the claim relates to intellectual property infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.

**Kleros Arbitration.** It is a dispute resolution protocol that provides arbitration. Kleros is a decentralized dispute resolution protocol for use on smart contract platforms, which has been implemented on Ethereum. This is achieved by using game-theoretic incentives to have crowdsourced jurors analyze and rule on cases correctly. Hence, Kleros provides judgments in an inexpensive, reliable, typically fast, and decentralized way. Of particular relevance is the use of this protocol to dispute resolution, creating a form of decentralized justice.

**Dispute resolution process.** You and The Badge both agree to engage in good-faith efforts to resolve disputes prior to either party initiating an arbitration, small claims court proceeding, or equitable relief for intellectual property infringement. You must initiate this dispute resolution process by sending a letter describing the nature of your claim and desired resolution to: hello@thebadge.xzy. Both parties agree to meet and confer personally, by telephone, or by videoconference (hereinafter “Conference”) to discuss the dispute and attempt in good faith to reach a mutually beneficial outcome that avoids the expenses of arbitration or, where applicable, litigation. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the Conference as well, but you agree to fully participate in the Conference. Likewise, if The Badge Tech is represented by counsel, its counsel may participate in the Conference as well, but The Badge Tech agrees to have a company representative fully participate in the Conference. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process and Conference required by this paragraph. If the parties do not reach agreement to resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days after initiation of this dispute resolution process, either party may commence arbitration, file an action in small claims court, or file a claim for injunctive or equitable relief in a court of proper jurisdiction for matters relating to intellectual property infringement, if the claims qualify.

**Authority of Arbitrator.** The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to (a) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement and (b) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and The Badge Tech. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and these Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us.

**Waiver of Jury Trial.** YOU AND THE BADGE TECH HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and The Badge Tech are instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the second bullet of this Section, above (“Applicability of Arbitration Agreement”). An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow these Terms as a court would. However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

**Waiver of Class Actions and Class Arbitrations.** ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A REPRESENTATIVE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PAGA) OR COLLECTIVE CLASS BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE USER, PERSON, OR ENTITY CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER USER, PERSON, OR ENTITY. Accordingly, under the arbitration procedures outlined in this section, an arbitrator shall not combine or consolidate more than one party’s claims without the written consent of all affected parties to an arbitration proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you and The Badge agree that no dispute shall proceed by way of class arbitration without the written consent of all affected parties. If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any part of this subsection’s limitations as to a given claim for relief, then that claim must be severed from the arbitration and brought in the state or federal courts located in the EU. All other claims shall be arbitrated.

**Severability.** Except as provided in this Section, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

**Survival of Agreement.** This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with The Badge Tech.

**Modification.** Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, we agree that if The Badge Tech makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing to The Badge Tech at the following address: hello@thebadge.xzy

## 16. Governing Law and Venue

These Terms and your access to and use of the Service shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the EU (without regard to conflict of law rules or principles or any other jurisdiction that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction). Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration as set forth in Section 15 or cannot be heard in small claims court, shall be resolved in the state or federal courts.

## 17. Termination

If you breach any of the provisions of these Terms, all licenses granted by The Badge Tech will terminate automatically. Additionally, notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms, we reserve the right, with or without notice and in our sole discretion, to suspend, disable, terminate, or delete your Account and/or your ability to access or use the Service (or any part of the foregoing) at any time and for any or no reason, and you acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability or obligation to you in such event and that you will not be entitled to a refund of any amounts that you have already paid to us.

## 18. Severability

If any term, clause, or provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, then that term, clause, or provision will be severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause, or provision, or any other term, clause, or provision of these Terms.

## 19. Injunctive Relief

You agree that a breach of these Terms will cause irreparable injury to The Badge Tech for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and The Badge Tech shall be entitled to equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond, other security, or proof of damages.

## 20. Survival

All sections which by their nature should survive the termination of these Terms shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding any termination of these Terms by The Badge or you. Termination will not limit any of The Badge’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.

## 21. Miscellaneous

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and The Badge relating to your access to and use of the Service. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without the prior written consent of The Badge, and The Badge’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect. The Service is operated by us in the EU. Those who choose to access the Service from locations outside the EU do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You and The Badge Tech agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to the interpretation or construction of these Terms. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.
